[MUSIC PLAYING]
[HEAVY BREATHING]
[SARAH, THROUGH MASK] Can you hear me?
Dad, can you hear me?
[BREATHING PAINFULLY]
You don't need to fight it.
You can just let it all go.
Everything's okay.
[BREATHING THROUGH MASK]
I love you, Dad. I do.
I'm so sorry.
Oh, God...
[UNLOCKING DOOR]
[PAUL, THROUGH MASK] Come on, son.
Okay, now...
can you lay back for me, Bud?
I'm gonna...
I'm just gonna lay you back, okay?
Okay.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SIGHS]
[WHEELBARROW RATTLING]
[PAUL] You wanna say anything?
[TRAVIS, THROUGH MASK] Bye, grandpa.
I love you.
I'm sorry, Bud.
[BUD MOANING]
[SILENCE]
[BREATHING THROUGH MASK]
[BODY THUDS]
[GASOLINE SPLASHING]
[GAS CAN CLATTERS]
[FIRE ROARING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[CUTLERY CLINKING]
You done?
[PAUL, MUFFLED] He has to be involved...
in everything from now on.
Everything.
If he's not, then
we're doing him a disservice.
[SARAH, MUFFLED] I don't care, Paul. He's 17.
He shouldn't have been there.
He shouldn't have seen that.
I couldn't have done it all on my own, Sarah.
I should've been there.
I should've been there instead.
- [CUTLERY SCRAPING]
- Nobody's gonna blame you for that.
He's gonna be fine.
Everything's gonna be okay.
You don't honestly believe that?
Do you?
[PAUL] Sarah, I'm just trying...
I'm trying to do everything
I can to protect you guys.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's been a really long day.
Can we get some rest?
[STAIRCASE CREAKING]
[PAUL AND SARAH CONTINUE, INDISTINCT]
[DOOR CREAKING]
Hey, Stanley.
Don't worry. I'm gonna take care of you.
[MUSIC CONTINUES THROUGHOUT]
[INHALES DEEPLY]
[DISTORTED SOUNDS]
[DOOR OPENING]
[PAINED BREATHING]
[ANGUISHED SCREAM]
- Travis, wake up.
- What's going on?
- There's somebody in the house.
- What?
There's somebody in the house!
[HURRIED FOOTSTEPS ON STAIRWAY]
Stop...
- Dad...
- Take Stanley.
Let's go!
[HURRIED BREATHING]
[BANGING]
Wait. Stay back.
[BANGING CONTINUES]
- [BARKING]
- Shh!
[DISTORTED NOISE AND BANGING]
[BANGING ON DOOR]
Wait!
Paul! Wait!
Hey, hey! Slow down!
Hey, hey, hey!
Put the gun down now!
Put the gun down or I'll shoot you!
I'll drop you right now!
- Okay, okay.
- Down!
It was an accident. No one needs to get hurt.
[CLATTERING]
All right, hands in the air!
[PAUL BREATHING FAST]
Now... lie down. Now!
Roll over. Roll over!
- Are you sick?
- No, sir.
Open your eyes!
- Is anybody else with you?
- No.
If I go outside, there's nobody out there
waiting for me?
- All right, close your eyes.
- Please!
Wait! Wait!
[BREATHING HARD]
[THUD]
Sarah... come on, quick.
Come on.
- [SARAH] Travis!
- Come here.
- Take this. It's loaded.
- What's going on?
There's a guy in there,
I need you to watch him.
Come on.
Stay close!
- [STANLEY BARKING]
- Travis!
- I told you, keep quiet!
- Quiet.
[TRAVIS] Did you kill him?
He's just unconscious. Are you two okay?
Travis...
I'm gonna need you to get
some rope and some duct tape.
- [BARKING]
- Come on, Stanley, come on!
- [SARAH] Are you okay?
- I'm fine, I'm fine.
If he comes to, just call out.
- Okay.
- I'll be right back.
- [CRICKETS CHIRPING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- [KNOCKING ON DOOR]
- [STANLEY BARKING]
- It's me.
- Paul?
It's me! Open up.
I think it's just him.
[WHEELBARROW RATTLING]
[BODY THUDS]
[GRUNTING WITH EFFORT]
Push him against the tree.
[GRUNTING]
You know what a foot and a half is?
- Sorry
- It's about that long.
- Sorry.
- That's all right.
- Do it again. It's okay.
- Like this?
Yeah.
Now put it around his face.
- He still has to be able to breathe, Dad.
- Put it around.
He can breathe out his nose.
[HAMMERING]
- [BOLT LOCKS]
- [SOFT MUSIC PLAYING]
[HAMMERING]
Okay, put it up.
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[DISTANT MUFFLED SCREAMING CONTINUES]
[DISTANT MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[EERIE MUSIC PLAYING]
[MAN, MUFFLED] Help me!
[MUFFLED] Help!
[LOUDER MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUFFLED SCREAMING]
[STARTLED GASP]
[BIRD CAWING]
Hey! Get up!
Get on your feet now.
[MUFFLED GRUNTING]
You see this?
I don't have to use this,
but I will if I have to.
I just wanna talk.
And I want honest answers.
If you give me honest answers,
then this is yours. Understand?
- [DUCT TAPE RIPPING]
- [MAN COUGHING]
[COUGHING CONTINUES]
Why'd you break into my house?
I promise...
I promise you, I... I...
I didn't think anyone was in it.
There's no lights and the thing's boarded
up. It looked abandoned from the outside.
- What were you looking for?
- Water...
supplies, anything.
My family...
I have a family...
my wife and our boy in the woods.
- Where?
- An abandoned house,
about 50 miles from here.
- Why'd you just leave them?
- We're running out of water.
I left them with the rest of the food and
water. I thought they'd be safer that way.
- Are they sick?
- No.
- Is that why you left them?
- No. No, sir, they are not sick.
Listen, I don't even have to shoot you,
you know?
I could just leave you out here.
- You want this water?
- Yeah.
- You make me believe you.
- I'm telling you the truth.
I don't know how much time they have.
All right, so how long have you been
living in this abandoned house?
About a week, tops.
How'd you get there?
My truck broke down.
It's the first place that we found.
- Where were you before?
- My brother's.
- Where?
- About 80 or so miles from here.
- Why'd you leave?
- Lost our water supply.
- So your... your brother is out there too.
- No.
- Where did he go?
- He's dead.
So it's just your wife and your son?
And nobody else?
Just them.
And do you have any idea
what's going on out there?
No.
As soon as people in the city
started getting sick,
we got out, got as far away as possible.
If there's a grid left, I don't know
who's gonna be on it.
So you're out there driving through 80
miles and you didn't see anything?
No. We didn't see anything or anyone.
We drove at night.
Our truck broke down,
I'd been running it without oil.
When I was by myself, I just stuck
to the woods and I saw nothing.
Look, look in my eyes.
I'm telling you the truth.
I never would've broken in like that
if I thought that the house was occupied,
but I was desperate.
I got no hard feelings at you.
You did what you had to,
you had to protect your family.
But if you can spare some water
for my family, I can trade for it.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Got food.
- How much?
- Got plenty to trade for.
I'm asking how much?
Two goats, six chickens,
some canned food as well.
Are the animals healthy?
Yes, sir.
I promise you, if you need food, I have it.
My family is all that matters to me.
I know you can understand that.
You're a good person.
You're just trying to protect your family.
But don't let mine die 'cause of it.
Help me, and I can help you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Okay.
- Thank you.
- Come on.
[GRUNTS]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- [SARAH] Did he mention the smoke?
- [PAUL] Huh? What?
The smoke from Dad.
[SIGHS]
I don't... know. Why?
That's probably how he found us.
I think if he does have a family out there,
that we should consider
bringing them back here.
That's a big jump.
Everything he said could be a lie.
I know that.
I know that you want to believe him.
Is that wrong?
We just gotta be smart about it,
we can't be emotional...
I'm not being emotional.
He knows where we live now.
We can't just let him go.
The more people we have here,
the better we can defend it.
If he found us, other people will too.
They could bring the animals here.
We wouldn't have to just trade for them.
It's the smartest option.
[PAUL] I'm not bringing anyone here
until I know they're not sick.
It took Bud less than a day to show signs.
I'll wait out three to be certain.
- You be strong.
- Yeah.
Don't go outside
unless you absolutely have to.
And if I, you know, don't come back...
don't come looking for me.
I'm going to try to help you and your family.
- Thank you.
- [SIGHS]
But if you're lying to me, I will kill you.
- Understand?
- Yes, sir.
[BIRD CAWING]
Come on.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- I'll have you ride in the back.
- Okay.
When we're out on the road...
- keep your eyes open for anything.
- All right.
- Are we good?
- We're good.
We're good.
- You give me directions.
- Yep.
[ENGINE STARTING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Keep going straight!
Stay on this!
[GUNSHOT]
[GRUNTING WITH EFFORT]
[PANTING]
- [GUNSHOT]
- [GLASS SHATTERS]
[GRUNTING]
[BREATHING HARD]
[MUTTERING] Fuck...
- [STEPS ON TRUCK BED]
- [THUD]
Oh, fuck, fuck...
Fuck!
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[GROANING]
- [GRUNTING]
- [BLOWS LANDING]
Get your hands down!
- [GRUNTING]
- Get back!
Get back! Get up!
[GROANING, COUGHING]
Wait!
[GROANING]
You didn't have to shoot him right away!
What are you talking about?
They came after us!
They just... Fuck!
- Do you know this guy?
- Huh?
Do you know him?!
You said you traveled 80 miles,
you didn't see a fucking thing!
And we barely get 10
and this fucking happens!
I've never seen this guy before in my life!
I nearly killed him myself!
Why'd you tell me not to shoot him?
Because we could've got information from him!
He could've been part
of a bigger group nearby.
Christ!
I ain't lying to you!
[MUTTERING] Fuck me!
Fuck!
Ah, fuck.
- What's your name?
- Huh?
Your name? What's your name?
Will.
Okay, Will...
there's a mask and gloves in the bag.
You better put them on.
And wash your fucking hands, too.
Fuck!
Oh, fuck...
[EXTENDED GROANING]
[PAUL] All right.
Fuck.
- Anything?
- No, nothing.
I gotta check the other guy.
We gotta be quick.
- Spare in the trunk?
- Yeah.
- [MUSIC PLAYING]
- [GRUNTING WITH EFFORT]
- [JACK RATCHETING]
- [GRUNTING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BIRD HONKING]
[STANLEY PANTING]
How you doin'?
Hey, Stanley? [CHUCKLES]
How you doin', buddy?
[APPROACHING VEHICLE]
- Mom!
- [BARKING]
- What?
- Mom, it's... it's Dad!
It's Dad! He's back, he's okay!
Baby, just... this way,
- Just slow down.
- [PAUL] Hey...
Come on, it's okay.
Hey.
- Hey.
- Are you okay?
Yeah, we had a little trouble.
Talk to you about it later.
Sarah, Travis...
This is Will.
His wife, Kim, and their son, Andrew.
- Hello.
- Hi.
This is my wife, Sarah, and my son, Travis.
Hi.
- How you doin'?
- All right.
You doin' okay?
- Yeah.
- Good as can be.
- [CHUCKLES]
- [BLEATING]
All right, well...
let's get everything unloaded,
and show you the house.
- Maybe have a wash-up.
- Yeah.
- You're gonna be all right.
We gotta...
When we're inside the house,
the door to the back room
stays closed and locked,
the one you came through?
And the door leading to the back room
also stays closed and locked,
all the time, the red door.
I have the keys, the only set.
Or Sarah will have them. Um...
It's the only way in and out of the house.
Everything else you see is all boarded up.
- Hm.
- Um...
Most important thing,
we never go out at night,
unless it's an absolute emergency.
And even when we do go out during the day,
we like to stick to groups of two
just for safety,
you know, collecting wood or water, whatnot.
Same thing goes for trips to the bathroom,
which is a ways from the house.
And at nighttime, we use buckets
and empty them...
We can talk about that another time.
Firearms?
We keep them locked and squared away
in a safe in our room.
We'd like to do the same
with yours, just for now.
- Mm-hmm.
- All right? Thank you.
And meals we eat together, twice a day,
just for the sake of food rationing, I guess.
Everybody cleans their own dishes,
and generally puts things away
where they belong.
It's just, like, the way we like
to run things,
and we think it's important
to keep a routine and stay busy.
Um...
Oh, God, I'm sure
I'm forgetting a few things.
There's plenty of time
to work out all the details.
- Yeah.
[SARAH AND PAUL CHUCKLE]
- Overload.
- [LAUGHING]
- Well, just settle in and...
- [WILL] Yeah.
...we'll get working in the morning.
- And welcome.
- [WILL] That's perfect.
- [KIM] Thank you.
- [WILL] Thank you very much.
- [MUSIC PLAYING]
- [CHUCKLES]
[PAUL] Welcome, buddy.
He's hiding.
[WILL] Why you hidin'?
[WILL AND KIM TALKING, MUFFLED]
[STAIRCASE CREAKING]
[KIM]...and he is tall and blond...
[WILL] Ah, yeah?
[KIM] He's a... He's a surfer.
- He's a surfer?
- That's cute. [GIGGLES]
[KIM] Shut up.
[WILL] There's holes in this story.
[KIM LAUGHS]
[WILL GROANS]
- [ANDREW PLAYING]
- [WILL] Ow!
- Ow...
- [KIM LAUGHING]
- Terra keeps biting my foot.
- [KIM GIGGLES]
Ow!
- Terra just bit my toe.
- [GIGGLES]
Son of a bitch.
Tell him to stop biting my toe.
[KIM, WHISPERING] Maybe you could...
get in the bath.
What?
Maybe you could get in the bath?
Do I smell?
No... [REPRESSES LAUGHTER]
Those subtle hints you drop,
Jesus Christ Almighty.
[KIM LAUGHING]
- You don't smell great yourself.
- [GIGGLING]
You smell like onion soup.
Like French onion soup.
- That sounds so good.
- [WILL] I like that.
[MUFFLED GIGGLING]
[WILL] You look pretty.
[KIM] I feel like you just say
that when I look the ugliest.
That's when you need it the most.
- [LAUGHING]
- [KIM] Thanks!
- [LEAVES RUSTLING]
- [BIRDS CHIRPING]
[PAUL] Yeah...
Bud's property extends
another half mile this way.
I come down here because
I can see down into the valley,
and see if...
you know, every now and then,
if I see anything.
And what you wanna do is also
come down with your legs.
It's gonna feel awkward,
but like you're sitting on the Shitter.
- You just sit down on it.
- [TRAVIS CHUCKLES]
Now, measure it out first,
- make sure you have your distance.
- Okay.
Then when you come over the top,
you bring it straight over,
like tomahawk style, you know?
Not over the shoulder.
- Shoot straight down the middle.
- Yeah.
[AX LANDS]
- Like that?
- Yeah.
Okay. So...
Oh!
You're good.
- [MUSIC PLAYING THROUGHOUT]
- Thanks. [LAUGHING]
Can I show you a better form,
so you don't throw your back out?
This... follow this way.
[CONTINUES INDISTINCT]
[CLUCKING AND BLEATING]
The solar we use, it gives us some power
to charge batteries and whatnot.
I guess the good news is,
we're never going to run out of firewood.
[KIM] Such a good swimmer!
- Cold water.
- I know.
It's freezing!
[AX SPLITTING WOOD]
- Whoo!
- Yeah.
Yeah.
[KIM] He's my baby.
- [SARAH] How old is he?
- Five.
You must have had him
when you were pretty young.
Yeah, I guess. How old's Travis?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
- We should play "buckets" after this.
- [LAUGHTER]
You guess whose is whose!
[LAUGHTER]
You gotta close your eyes!
[MUSIC SLOWLY FADES OUT]
[STEADY BREATHING]
[MUFFLED MOANING]
[MOANING CONTINUES]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[PANTING]
[BREATHING HARD]
- [RAINING]
- [STEPS CREAKING]
- Hey.
- [GASPING] Oh, my God!
[GIGGLING] I'm sorry.
- You scared me.
- Sorry.
Oh, that's okay.
What are you doing up?
Just can't sleep.
[TRAVIS] Hmm.
I always used to come into the kitchen
and eat food if I couldn't sleep.
What about you?
I dunno, I... I haven't been able
to sleep for a while.
Just some bad dreams.
You can sit down if you want.
You don't have to just...
stand there. [CHUCKLES]
How long has that been going on?
What?
Not being able to sleep.
Um...
Oh, I don't know.
Oh, yeah, I don't know. For a while, I guess.
So...
What are we having?
[DEEP SIGH]
Um...
I'm having bread pudding.
And I want a cupcake. A red velvet cupcake.
And a cookies and cream cupcake.
And like 10 different kinds of ice cream.
That sounds so awful.
- You don't like cupcakes?
- Nope.
- You don't like bread pudding?
- Uh-huh.
- Bread pudding?
- No.
- What's wrong with you?
- I know, it's weird.
I don't like cupcakes, cookies, ice cream...
Wow!
At my birthday parties,
my mom used to make me,
like, Rice Krispy cakes,
instead of actual cakes.
I'm sorry, that's really sad! [LAUGHING]
I do like... I do like some kinds of pie.
- Oh, well, that's good.
- Yeah.
Well, great, I'll keep
my disgusting bread pudding
and cupcakes and ice cream
to myself over here.
Keep it over there, please. Thank you.
How old are you, Travis?
Um... seventeen.
Wow...
I wasn't that much older than
you when I first met Will.
Um...
- I should just probably go to bed.
- Okay.
- Good night, Kim.
- Good night.
- I'll see you in the morning.
- Yeah.
Um, yes, I'll see you then.
Cool.
- [WILL] Whew...
- [THUD]
[WILL GRUNTING]
All right.
Here.
I'll take this pile down. That's cool, huh?
Yeah, sure.
- Thanks, Will.
- No problem.
[WHEELBARROW RATTLING]
[WATER PUMP SCREECHING]
[PAUL] Good people, huh?
Yes.
I like them here.
Well, you just keep it in perspective, okay?
I don't need to tell you, but...
you can't trust anyone, but family.
As good as they seem.
Just don't forget that, okay?
- Yeah.
[STANLEY BARKING]
[COCKING RIFLE]
[BARKING CONTINUES]
[KIM] Will...
It's okay. Just go inside.
- You got your gun?
- Yeah.
But what's he see?
[GROWLING]
Go inside, I'll take care of Stanley.
- Hey, hey, stop, stop.
- What's he see?
I said go inside!
- [FEROCIOUS BARKING]
- Stanley...
Hey, settle down!
[YELPING]
Travis!
Stanley!
- [BARKING RECEDING]
- [GRUNTING]
Stanley!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[TRAVIS, DISTORTED] Stanley!
[DISTANT BARKING]
[CLOSER BARKING]
[FURIOUS BARKING]
[DEAD SILENCE]
- [WILL] Travis!
- Right here!
What is it?
Stanley's barking just stopped,
and I heard something up there!
What?
What are you doing?
[PAUL] What the hell are you thinking?
- His barking... his barking just stopped!
- I don't give a shit!
You don't go out in the woods on your own!
I'm not losing you over your grandpa's dog!
Travis said that he heard something.
Where? Where!
- There.
- You see anything, Will?
- Nothing.
- [PAUL] All right.
Let's get back in the house. Come on, now!
- What about Stanley?
- He knows the woods!
He'll find his way home. Hustle!
Now!
[PAUL] Come on, Will.
Don't you ever fuckin' do that again.
- [MUSIC PLAYING]
- [CUTLERY SCRAPING]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Yeah?
[DOOR OPENING]
[PAUL] Hey, buddy.
- [SIGHS]
- [PENCIL SCRATCHING]
Hm...
Listen, I wouldn't worry, okay?
I think Stanley's definitely gonna come home.
I was thinking, in the meantime...
maybe you and I could
go looking at first light.
So get some rest.
- Thanks, Dad.
- Sure thing.
Night, champ.
[DOOR CLOSING SOFTLY]
[DOOR OPENING]
[PAUL] Hey, close the door.
- [DOOR CLOSING]
- This was... this was Bud's room.
Go on, take a seat.
- Over here?
- Yeah.
- There's a light.
- You got it?
- Got it.
Hey...
I want to thank you again, Paul,
for letting us stay here.
It's really some house you got.
Yeah? [CHUCKLES] Well, thank you...
- for the chickens.
- [CHUCKLES]
- [SETTING DOWN GLASSES]
- Oh, shit...
No, no, Paul, you don't gotta open that, man.
Why? You don't?
- I do.
- Well...
[LIQUID POURING]
- Bud's stash.
- All right.
[SIGHING]
It's like gold.
[SETTING DOWN BOTTLE]
[SIGHS]
Oh, wow, thank you.
- Salud.
Oh, fuck... that's smooth.
[CHUCKLES LIGHTLY]
So what did you do, Will,
before all this shit?
What? For work?
Uh, little bit of everything, really.
Construction, demolition
and then I was a mechanic for a little bit.
Oh.
What about you?
I, uh...
I was a teacher...
- Oh, yeah?
- History.
- Get outta here.
- [CHUCKLES]
Yeah, you want to know
all about the Roman Empire?
- I'm your guy.
- Yeah, right.
Did you grow up in the city?
No, I, um...
I went there for Kim. I chased her there.
Hmm.
Big family?
No, it was just me and my dad.
My dad was a mechanic,
and then I was his only child.
- You're an only child?
- Yeah.
I thought...
Didn't you say that y'all
were living with your brother?
No... yeah, I mean,
it's technically her brother,
but he felt like my brother.
My brother-in-law, you know?
Un-huh...
[GLASS CLATTERS]
[SIGHING] I think...
I'm gonna...
I'm gonna hit the hay.
[DOOR OPENING]
[SIGHING]
[DOOR OPENS]
[ANDREW MOANING SOFTLY]
[SOFT FOOTSTEPS]
Andrew?
Andrew...
Andrew, wake up, buddy. Come on, wake up.
Wake up.
- Where am I?
- Just in another room, buddy.
It's okay. Come on,
let's get you back to bed.
Okay? Come on.
Take my hand. All right?
You're okay.
Come on, go to bed.
[ANDREW WHIMPERS]
[KIM SIGHS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
[OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING]
[DISTANT BANGING]
[BANGING CONTINUES]
Dad?
[BANGING]
[SCREECHING]
Someone's in the house!
- Where?
- Downstairs!
- Where are your mask and gloves?
- In my room.
Go get 'em now! Hurry!
[RUSHING FOOTSTEPS]
Oh, fuck...
[STANLEY MOANING]
Oh, shit!
Stay back.
Oh...
He... he's messed up.
What's going on?
- You wait here?
- Yeah, okay.
Let's go talk in the living room.
- What's going on?
- Just wait.
It's Stanley, and he's sick.
What?
Honey...
take Travis and get Andrew and Kim.
Wait in the living room, I'm gonna...
Will and I are gonna handle it.
- I wanna see him.
- Yeah, well, you can't.
I mean, how do you even know he's sick?
I mean, I wanna see him.
No, just stop.
- I mean, this is bullshit!
- Hey! Hey!
- Bullshit!
Do you want me to be the bad guy?
I will be the bad guy!
You're not going in the room, all right?
He is fuckin' sick!
Now go to the living room!
Honey, go, take him to the living room.
I am very sorry, Travis.
Go, please, please.
- Now.
- Let's go.
[RECEDING FOOTSTEPS]
[DOOR CLOSING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[MUFFLED GUNSHOT]
[SHUDDERING SOB]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[GAS SPLASHING]
[MUSIC FADES OUT]
[PAUL] I think...
Will and I should be the only ones
who go outside for a while.
We don't know what made Stanley sick.
It could've been an animal,
another person, anything.
Travis...
You didn't go inside the room
before we got there, correct?
Positive.
You just opened the door? You didn't go in?
- I didn't touch the door.
- [PAUL] What?
It was already open.
The door was open when you got there?
- Yeah.
- [PAUL] Huh.
- Then who opened the door?
- [WILL] Yeah.
I don't know, I mean...
- Maybe Andrew?
- [KIM] What?
Andrew was asleep in our room.
- No, he wasn't, he was in grandpa's...
- What are you talking about?
I... I... I put him in there
before you both woke up.
Travis, why are we only
hearing about this now?
I don't know. I mean,
when was I supposed to...
Back up. Tell us everything that happened.
Andrew was in grandpa's room,
and he was having a nightmare,
so I woke him up,
and I brought him to your room.
Then I went to the back hallway,
saw the door open,
heard something, and then I woke everyone up.
- Andrew was in the other room?
- Yes.
Is that true, baby?
I can't remember.
Did you see Stanley last night?
- I can't remember...
- Andrew...
Think real hard and tell Mommy
what you remember.
I can't remember.
How can you not remember?
- Does he sleepwalk?
- No, he doesn't sleepwalk.
This doesn't make any sense,
'cause Andrew is barely tall enough
to reach those locks.
You're positive
that the door was already open?
- Yes!
- How can you be positive?
It was the middle of the night.
You could've been half-asleep.
- He said he was sure.
- I was wide awake. I'm positive.
Look, I'm not saying you're lying, Travis.
I'm just saying
it was the middle of the night.
Maybe you're not remembering correctly...
I know what I saw.
I'm sorry, but the door
was open before I got there.
All right, then I'm not gonna jump
to any conclusions, but...
Just to be safe, I think that...
we all shouldn't interact for a day or so.
Dad, I'm sure it's fine.
Listen, I'm just taking
proper precautions, okay?
How's that sound?
Does it sound fair to everybody?
Yeah.
All right, Will, Kim,
get enough food and water,
and take Andrew and go...
go to your room and stay there
for a while, okay?
- Now.
- Okay.
I'm really sorry, but I just think that
we can't take any risks right now.
Sarah, Travis, we're gonna do the same.
- I'll get everything that we...
- I just think that...
- Just, please...
- We should probably...
- Just let's go.
- [PAUL] Yeah.
I think it's better if we stay apart
for a couple of days.
- Okay.
- I'm sure everything's gonna be fine.
[DOOR CLOSING]
[WEAPONS RATTLING]
Travis.
Come here.
I just want you to look me in the eye
and tell me that you're telling the truth.
You didn't touch the door?
No.
Okay, did you touch him?
Andrew? Did you touch him?
Yeah, I mean...
yeah.
I mean, I held his hand, and I...
and I brought him to his room.
[SNIFFLES]
And you weren't wearing
gloves and mask, right?
I mean, Dad...
I mean, why would I wear them
inside the house,
- you know?
- Okay.
Tsk. Okay... we're... we're...
We're all going to wash up,
and then we're not leaving this room.
Okay.
It's okay.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[DEEP SIGH]
[DISTANT BARKING]
[DISTANT BARKING CONTINUES]
[DOG BARKING, CLOSER]
[DOG BARKING, EVEN CLOSER]
[TWO DOGS BARKING]
[DOGS BARKING FEROCIOUSLY]
[STARTLED GASP]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BREATHING HARD]
[LIQUID DRIPPING]
[PANICKED SCREAMING]
[PANTING]
[ANDREW CRYING]
[DOOR OPENING]
- [WILL SPEAKING, MUFFLED]
- [ANDREW CRYING]
Look at me, just stay quiet.
- [KIM] We need to leave.
- [WILL] I know.
I know.
- [KIM] They're going to hear him.
- I know.
[DOOR OPENING]
Mom. Mom.
- Oh, my God, what is it?
- [PAUL] What's going on?
It's Andrew.
- I think he may be sick.
- What?
What are you talking about?
I don't know, Andrew was crying
and I was listening in the attic.
- And they said they need to leave.
- What?
Andrew was crying and Kim said
they needed to leave.
Shh.
[SARAH] Do you hear anything?
Yeah...
How are you feeling?
What?
Are you feeling okay?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine.
- [KEYS TINKLING]
- [MUSIC PLAYING]
What do you want to do?
We don't have many options.
What does that mean?
If they want to leave, they're gonna want
to take our food and water.
No, why can't we give them what's fair, and
take them back to the house they were at?
Where do you think
they're going if they run out?
You haven't seen people
when they get desperate.
They wouldn't come back here
and put us at risk like that.
We don't know that.
- Come on!
- We don't know these people.
We don't know if any of what they said
is even true.
[RUBBER GLOVES SNAPPING]
[SARAH] This is the man that tried
to break into our house.
[TRAVIS] 'Cause he was trying to get
food and water for his family.
Dad would've done the same thing.
[SARAH] I don't think we could take
the chance. I don't think we can risk it.
You don't get it.
If they're sick...
then I am too.
No, we don't know that, okay?
We don't know that.
We'll be right back.
I want you to stay here, though.
You wait here until we get back, okay?
Okay?
I love you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[FOOTSTEPS RECEDING]
[DOOR OPENING]
[ANDREW CRYING]
- [ANDREW] Mommy, my mommy!
- [KIM] Mommy's here. It's okay.
Hello?
[WILL] Yeah?
Is everything okay?
[WILL] Oh, yeah, Andrew just had
a nightmare, that's all.
I'm sorry to wake you.
Mind if I come in and check on him?
[WILL] Uh... It's not a good time
right now, Paul.
You said it yourself,
we shouldn't see each other right now.
I just want to make sure that Andrew's okay.
I know, its just everything that's been
going on. It's been a lot.
Yeah, I understand, but I'd feel a whole
lot better if I could just come in,
and take a look at him, that's all.
Do you think I could do that?
Will?
Come on, Will, just...
Be reasonable, man, this is my house...
I invited you here.
Will, open the fuckin' door, man, come on!
Open the door!
[WILL] Okay, all right.
All right.
Keep quiet.
[LATCH OPENING]
I'm sorry, I just...
Where's Travis and Sarah?
They're not...
No, take your hand off the gun!
- Take your hand off of it right now!
- Will, Will, Will...
- Take your hand off the gun.
- Okay.
Come in.
And shut the door.
- And go to the corner.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
All the way to the corner, Paul, all the way.
- All the way, all the way.
- Yeah, all right.
Where did you get that gun?
Take your mask... Why's your mask on?
Nobody's sick here, take it off!
Take it off!
Take the fuckin' mask off!
[WILL BREATHING HARD]
[ANDREW CRYING]
Andrew, keep your eyes closed for me, buddy.
[KIM SOBS]
Okay.
Listen, Paul, I'm sorry, okay?
We appreciate everything that you've done,
but we want to leave.
We're all packed up.
I know how you are,
but if you go near my wife or my kid,
I'll end your fuckin' life.
- Will...
- Listen...
we just want what's fair.
We want enough food and enough water.
Then we're gonna go,
and you're never gonna see us again.
Do you understand?
Yeah.
All right, baby, come on.
Keep your eyes closed for me, buddy.
It's okay.
- Will, if he's sick...
- Shh, quiet.
Quiet!
[UNLATCHING DOOR]
Okay, all right...
Stay there.
All right, come on.
Just move slowly.
- All right.
- Walk... Don't!
Turn around.
Go!
Go to the stairs.
It's okay, baby, be careful. Be careful.
Hands up. Just walk down.
- Yeah
- All right?
Okay.
- [WILL PANTING]
- [SARAH BREATHING THROUGH MASK]
Give the gun to Paul.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Sarah?
We just wanna leave.
- Give the gun to Paul.
- I'm sorry, I can't do that.
- Will, what's going on?
- It's okay, baby.
Don't do this.
Look, Sarah, we can work this out
if we both lower our guns.
We just want to leave.
And we want what's fair,
enough for the both of us,
and you'll never see us again.
All right?
- Okay.
How about this?
I'm gonna count to three
and we both lower our guns. Good?
Yeah.
Okay...
Will?
One...
two...
three.
Are we good, Sarah?
Are we good, Sarah? I just wanna talk...
[SCREAMS]
- [SARAH] Paul!
- Wait!
Kim, run!
Don't move!
- Where's Kim?
- I don't know!
- Where'd she go?
See what you did?
You see what you did?
See what you made me do?
Stop! Don't! Please stop!
Just get in the corner!
Move! Move!
[KIM PANTING]
Sit down!
Please, just let us go!
- I promise if you let us go...
- Stop talking!
- ...you'll never see us...
- Stay still!
Just don't move!
All right...
Give me your fuckin' hands!
- Go away!
- Stop movin'!
[ANGRY VOICES, INDISTINCT]
[PAUL] Come on, get up!
Shit.
Kim!
- Oh, fuck!
- Open the door.
Open the door, Paul. They're sick.
[UNLOCKING DOOR]
- Fuck you, Paul!
- Shut up!
- Hey!
- Fuck you.
- Get up, all of you!
- Fuck you!
Leave him alone!
[KIM] Please!
[PAUL, MUFFLED] Let him go, let him go!
[KIM CRYING]
- Please, just let us go!
- [SARAH] Quiet!
Sarah... Sarah, he's coming to.
[THUD]
[GROANING]
Okay.
Will, get up.
- Will...
- Shh.
Just be quiet, don't say anything.
[PAUL] Will, get up!
- [WILL] Let 'em go!
- Will, get up!
Come on, Will...
[GROANING]
- Get up, now!
- [GROANING CONTINUES]
Don't fuck around, Will.
Get on your feet now, come on!
- [PAUL GRUNTING]
- [GUNSHOT]
You fuckin'...! Fuck you!
Mom!
Mom! Dad!
- [GROANING]
- [SARAH] Stop it!
Stop!
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Stop, please! Stop it!
Fuck you! Fuck you!
- [KIM SCREAMING]
- [PAUL] Hey!
Kim!
Sarah!
Stop!
I said stop!
[KIM] No!
[CONTINUES SCREAMING]
My baby!
[GASPING FOR AIR]
[KIM, SCREAMING] No!
[HYSTERICAL CRYING]
You killed my baby!
You wanna kill me?
Kill me!
[DEAD SILENCE]
[MOANING]
Oh, baby... Oh, baby...
[MOANING CONTINUES]
[SOBBING]
[SARAH] Travis...
Oh, Travis...
[DOOR CRASHING OPEN]
[RETCHING]
[BREATHING HARD]
[SHOES THUD]
[UNCORKING BOTTLE]
[MUSIC PLAYING SOFTLY]
[SIGHING DEEPLY]
Mom...
Oh, Travis.
Travis, it's okay, sweetie.
You're gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
You can let go.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[SARAH, WHISPERING] Travis...
[WEEPING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]